#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-fileutils
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   pydantic
ansible-compat==25.5.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
ansible-core==2.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
ansible-lint==25.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ansible-pygments==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   sphinx-ansible-theme
antsibull-changelog==0.34.0
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-core==3.4.0
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-docs==2.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
antsibull-docs-parser==1.2.0
    # via antsibull-docs
antsibull-docutils==1.1.0
    # via antsibull-changelog
antsibull-fileutils==1.3.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
astroid==3.3.10
    # via pylint
asyncio-pool==0.6.0
    # via antsibull-docs
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
black==25.1.0
    # via ansible-lint
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via wcmatch
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-help-colors
    #   molecule
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
click-help-colors==0.9.4
    # via molecule
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via ansible-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via selinux
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   molecule-plugins
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   antsibull-docutils
    #   rstcheck-core
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
enrich==1.2.7
    # via molecule
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   virtualenv
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via ansible-lint
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   molecule
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
molecule==25.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   molecule-plugins
molecule-plugins[docker]==23.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   black
    #   build
    #   molecule
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   yamllint
perky==0.9.3
    # via antsibull-core
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   molecule
    #   pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   rstcheck-core
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ansible-pygments
    #   pytest
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   antsibull-fileutils
    #   molecule
    #   pre-commit
    #   yamllint
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   docker
    #   molecule-plugins
    #   sphinx
resolvelib==1.0.1
    # via ansible-core
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   enrich
    #   molecule
    #   typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rstcheck==6.2.5
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-docs
rstcheck-core==1.2.2
    # via rstcheck
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via ansible-lint
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
selinux==0.3.0
    # via molecule-plugins
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   antsibull-changelog
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via twiggy
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antsibull-docs
    #   sphinx-ansible-theme
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-ansible-theme==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via sphinx-ansible-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
subprocess-tee==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
twiggy==0.5.1
    # via
    #   antsibull-core
    #   antsibull-docs
typer==0.16.0
    # via rstcheck
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via pre-commit
wcmatch==10.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
yamllint==1.37.1
    # via ansible-lint
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
